This summer I had the opportunity to work at Purolator's Digital Lab, where I worked on quality assurance for a new 
application under development that will help partners of Purolator manage their parcel delivery. Founded in 1960, 
Purolator is a Canadian courier that delivers parcels to Canadians all around the country. Purolator is at the 
forefront of technological research and development. Currently they are looking into engineering their fleet to make 
deliveries easier and faster for the workers, while also reducing emissions (here's a great video to show what I'm 
talking about: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gm9eCCSaQA). I was very excited to be a part of such an innovative 
company.

It's kind of a funny story, actually. I had applied to and done an interview with another courier by the name of 
Shipperbee, which was based in Guelph. This company was acquired by Purolator just after they had hired me. Luckily, my 
boss negotiated that Co-ops would be transferred over (thanks, Dariusz!).

This was my second fully remote Co-op term so the experience wasn't that alien to me. I was already used to doing 
scrums over video chat. I have a pretty good setup here at home. And I got a nice mac laptop sent to me so the 
work-from-home was comfortable. Although, for a future Co-op term I would still like to try working in an office 
environment.

The work term goals were chosen partly from what I think I missed out on last Co-op term and partly what I think would 
be a good opportunity at this specific employment. Anyway, the goals I outlined at the beginning of the term are as 
follows:

1. I want to learn more about microservices and deployment in modern software development.
2. I want to maintain a daily agenda to record my ideas, tasks, notes, etc. to have a more organized and efficient workday.
3. I should be able to work effectively on my own without requiring too much assistance from or asking questions of 
co-workers.

On the topic of my day-to-day work, without getting too specific (I think I signed an NDA), I worked with a great team 
of developers and QA testers on testing a new mobile application. My hours were 9-5:30 every day. I mainly worked with 
2 others in the QA team. My most common work item was to re-test a filed bug on multiple devices/platforms to ensure 
that the issue was fixed. In terms of our testing strategies, we did manual testing, automation testing, and API 
testing. Doing testing at multiple "levels" is advantageous because you are more likely to catch bugs; like in any 
field of engineering, the weakest points are the moving parts, so that's where we look first. Aside from testing, we 
worked on documentation and task management (Azure). During my work term, I feel like I made good contributions to 
tooling and testing utilities used by Digital lab, that can be used and built upon in the future by other developers.

I would say my academics have helped me to acclimate to a professional tech environment. I think I have strong 
technical knowledge, which helps me understand when I am testing an issue what is happening behind the scenes. However, 
I would also say that during my time at Purolator, I've acquired a lot of technical knowledge about the architecture of 
modern mobile applications, web microservices, and the continuous integration and deployment model. The hard and soft 
skills I gained here will make me a more well-rounded person who is capable of working well with other teams/members 
who are focused on their slice of the software stack.

Overall, I would say that from what I have learned over the course of the last few months has made me more confident in 
abilities as a software developer. I would definitely be interested in coming back to Purolator in the future if that 
is a possibility.

Acknowledgments:

Thanks to the great QA team, Pooja and Emma.
Thanks to my boss, Dariusz, and the rest of the team.